# My Page - Caleb Brown


Data Science student at UNC Charlotte with a focus on Machine Learning and AI Ethics. With my passion for data driven solutions I combine technical proficiency in Python and Java with a proven track record of leadership and analytical thinking. I'm always looking to apply creative solutions to problems and create effective solutions.

BLOG
Modeling social topics allows us to move beyond superficial lenses and get a deeper understanding on the invisible qaulities that affect lives. Using data science to model social behavior allows us to identify systemic inequalities, track the spread of information (and misinformation), and understand a variety of social and scientific quesitons such as how urban environments affect mental health. When we use data about people, we aren't just handling information; we are handling power. This brings a heavy set of responsibilities such as contextual integrity, privacy and pignity, and mitigating bais. Algorithms are suseptible to be trained on bais. If you train a model on biased historical data, you might not be "objective" but rather scaling that bias. Through this course I am hoping to bridge the gap between technical proficiency and ethical awareness. I want to understand not just how to build a predictive model, but how to critique one. I’m eager to learn how interdisciplinary fields like sociology, ethics, and political science which all can make me a better data scientist. The part of data science I am interested in is the social modeling and engineering aspect of it. Using data and ML models to not only understand whole communities, but to find ways to better peoples lives and understand the conflicts they face and where they come from. Data is a powerful tool to better the lives of people everyday and this is something I want to do. From understanding health issues a community faces, to mapping the socioeconomic issues regarding areas of cities such as Charlotte. Data science enables us to make effective and powerful changes in the world to ulitmately create a better world for generations. Ultimately I want to learn how to use these tools to empower communities and uplift them rather than just observe them.

Porfolio/Projects:
